set the trumpet to your mouth he shall
set the trumpet to your mouth he shall come like an eagle against the house of
come like an eagle against the house of
come like an eagle against the house of the Lord because they have transgressed
the Lord because they have transgressed
the Lord because they have transgressed my covenant and rebelled against my law
my covenant and rebelled against my law
my covenant and rebelled against my law Israel will cry to me my god we know you
Israel will cry to me my god we know you
Israel will cry to me my god we know you Israel has rejected the good the enemy
Israel has rejected the good the enemy
Israel has rejected the good the enemy will pursue him they set up Kings but
will pursue him they set up Kings but
will pursue him they set up Kings but not by me
not by me
not by me they made princes but I did not
they made princes but I did not
they made princes but I did not acknowledge them from their silver and
acknowledge them from their silver and
acknowledge them from their silver and gold they made idols for themselves that
gold they made idols for themselves that
gold they made idols for themselves that they might be cut off your calf is
they might be cut off your calf is
they might be cut off your calf is rejected Oh Samaria my anger is aroused
rejected Oh Samaria my anger is aroused
rejected Oh Samaria my anger is aroused against them how long until they attain
against them how long until they attain
against them how long until they attain to innocence for from Israel is even
to innocence for from Israel is even
to innocence for from Israel is even this a workman made it and it is not God
this a workman made it and it is not God
this a workman made it and it is not God but the calf of Samaria shall be broken
but the calf of Samaria shall be broken
but the calf of Samaria shall be broken to pieces they sow the wind and reap the
to pieces they sow the wind and reap the
to pieces they sow the wind and reap the whirlwind
whirlwind
whirlwind the stork has no bud it shall never
the stork has no bud it shall never
the stork has no bud it shall never produce meal if it should produce aliens
produce meal if it should produce aliens
produce meal if it should produce aliens would swallow it up
would swallow it up
would swallow it up Israel is swallowed up now they are
Israel is swallowed up now they are
Israel is swallowed up now they are among the Gentiles like a vessel in
among the Gentiles like a vessel in
among the Gentiles like a vessel in which is no pleasure
which is no pleasure
which is no pleasure for they have gone up to Assyria like a
for they have gone up to Assyria like a
for they have gone up to Assyria like a wild donkey alone by itself Ephraim has
wild donkey alone by itself Ephraim has
wild donkey alone by itself Ephraim has hired lovers yes though they have hired
hired lovers yes though they have hired
hired lovers yes though they have hired among the nations now I will gather them
among the nations now I will gather them
among the nations now I will gather them and there shall sorrow a little because
and there shall sorrow a little because
and there shall sorrow a little because of the burden of the king of princes
of the burden of the king of princes
of the burden of the king of princes because Ephraim has made many altars for
because Ephraim has made many altars for
because Ephraim has made many altars for sin they have become for him altars for
sin they have become for him altars for
sin they have become for him altars for sinning I have written for him the great
sinning I have written for him the great
sinning I have written for him the great things of my law but they were
things of my law but they were
things of my law but they were considered a strange thing for the
considered a strange thing for the
considered a strange thing for the sacrifices of my offerings they
sacrifices of my offerings they
sacrifices of my offerings they sacrifice flesh and eat it but the Lord
sacrifice flesh and eat it but the Lord
sacrifice flesh and eat it but the Lord does not accept them now he will
does not accept them now he will
does not accept them now he will remember their iniquity and punish their
remember their iniquity and punish their
remember their iniquity and punish their sins they shall return to Egypt for
sins they shall return to Egypt for
sins they shall return to Egypt for Israel has forgotten his maker and has
Israel has forgotten his maker and has
Israel has forgotten his maker and has built temples Judah also has multiplied
built temples Judah also has multiplied
built temples Judah also has multiplied fortified cities but I will send fire
fortified cities but I will send fire
fortified cities but I will send fire upon his cities and it shall devour his
upon his cities and it shall devour his
upon his cities and it shall devour his palaces